Will you marry me?
I oops what are you stupid
Besides, I still like you, don't hurry up and agree
Just stupid Biqiao
Promise quickly
Speaking of you
Are you now our neighbor's hope?
Don't talk
Let him speak for himself
Would you like to?
I misunderstood you so much before
And treat you so badly
You really don't blame me?
What's your fault?
You helped me back then
And you have kept me warm all these years
I said I can suffer any grievance for you
It doesn't even matter if you give up your life
I will marry you
There you go.
You give me the order.
This is the betrothal gift I have carefully prepared for you
See if you like it or not
Don't look at it.
I like anything you prepare
outrageous
Who is Lin Binjiao?
Get out of here